So I'm back to my own directive and we just learned that we get these hooks to work with it,
so let's implement the bind hook here, like a method,
this is like a lifecycle method in a component but here in the directive. So bind as we learned gives
us access to the element, to the binding and the virtual node.
Now we won't need all the arguments here, I just wanted to list them and then let's say what I want
to do here is I want to simply set the style of my element, the element here of course is the native
html element so I have access to the style property, that's a normal javascript property of a built
in html element and there, I want to set the background color to let's say green to start simple,
we will soon update this to be more powerful.
Well with that set up, I can go to my app.vue file and since it is a global directive with the highlight
selector here, I can simply add v-highlight like this,
no argument passed, no value passed, nothing at all, just like this.
Now if I save this, you see it indeed has the green background
so our directive is already working.
Now of course it would be nice if we could manually control which color this should get,
so we'll work on this next.